Merge the demo branch into master (#319)
XanaduAI/strawberryfields: doc/introduction/tutorials.rst

    :description: :doc:`Gaussian boson sampling & the hafnian </tutorials/tutorial_gaussian_boson_sampling>`
    :figure: /_static/gaussian_boson_sampling.png

.. customgalleryitem::
    :tooltip: Scattershot boson sampling
    :description: :doc:`/gallery/scattershot-boson-sampling/scattershot-bs`
    :figure: /gallery/scattershot-boson-sampling/scattershot-bs.gif

.. customgalleryitem::
    :tooltip: Photonic gate visualization
    :description: :doc:`/gallery/gate_visualisation/GateVisualisation`
    :figure: /gallery/gate_visualisation/GateVisualisation.gif

.. raw:: html

        <div style='clear:both'></div>
        <br>

Optimization and machine learning
---------------------------------

.. toctree::
    :hidden:
    :maxdepth: 1

    /tutorials/tutorial_machine_learning
    /gallery/minimizing_correlations/minimizing_correlations
    /gallery/state_learner/StateLearning

.. warning::

>     We are currently making some huge changes to the TensorFlow backend

Author: Currently, every tutorial in this section. This warning is badly worded though.

    of Strawberry Fields, including upcoming TensorFlow 2.0 support. As a result,

>     this tutorial currently is unavailable. Please bare with us as we finish off the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    this tutorial currently is unavailable. Please bear with us as we finish off the
```

Author: 😆 oops!

>     this tutorial currently is unavailable. Please bear with us as we finish off the

Author: ```suggestion
    the tutorials in this section are currently unavailable. Please bear with us as we finish off the
```

    :description: :doc:`/gallery/gate_synthesis/GateSynthesis`
    :figure: /gallery/gate_synthesis/GateSynthesis.gif

.. raw:: html

        <div style='clear:both'></div>
        <br>

> Hardware

Reviewer: :confetti_ball: :fireworks: :fire:

> Hardware

Reviewer 2: Would potentially recommend putting this part above or directly below applications
